I'm heading to my village, I'm happy to leave the town to fulfill my duty.
I've sold my products that I've cultivated with effort, dedication, and the love of my children in my region.
Back in the hut, four children and my wife are waiting for me, along with an old woman who is my mother-in-law, accompanying my wife.
When I go to town and get good prices, I become very happy and then I start to drink.
My name is Diego Sarmiento González, from the municipality of Jordán Sube.
My profession is music and agriculture.
My uncles had it harder than me.
At that time, their father used to tell them, "Go make noise somewhere else, you won't let us sleep, tomorrow we have to work."
Hello, what are you doing?
Sleeping already?
Yes.
Okay.
Are we still rehearsing around here?
Well, bye, see you in a bit.
When I met my wife, I didn't pay attention to anything else, she said it was either her or music.
I said to her: well, music, because I've carried music with me since I was a child.
I'm afraid that time will pass and I won't do what I love.
Look, they just called me while we were talking about these things.
The director of the senior center called me, she's new, I don't recognize her.
And she said, "Are you Diego?"
I said, "Yes."
She said, "The thing is, we're going to have a little party."
So we want to invite you to bring the flavor, set the mood for them to dance and enjoy.
She said, in these days, in these days...
We'll call you again.
I'll call you. Okay.
It was for Thursday, tomorrow's Wednesday.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
She hasn't called me yet.
Until now, he hasn't called me.
Radio: The municipal administration and the San José de Jordán Sube parish
invite you to their patron saint festivities of Santa Rosa de Lima on August 29th and 30th,
Monday 29th, 5:30 in the afternoon. Cultural event at Our Lady of Fatima School in Jordán Sube,
12:00 noon, archery competition. 2:00 in the afternoon, music entertainment.
5:00 in the afternoon, performance by the group "Bacardí".
Nothing was arranged with the priest for the performance.
For today's performance? Well.
Yes.
We talked to the priest, but...
And he said yes, of course.
I have no problem with it if he wants to, well...
Talk to the administration for a small budget for you guys,
yes, yes, I know you need it.
And we talked to the administration, but it wasn't possible.
Nothing was arranged, we didn't reach an agreement, so we didn't have the opportunity to perform for that reason.
People have asked me, all the people I've met, from Villanueva, from Aratoca, from Los Santos, from here...
Are you going to play, are you not going to perform?
No, no, no...
There was no money.
And well, people admire me here a lot, but one thing is the people, another thing is the administration.
And when they have events, they bring groups from outside and don't consider us.
No one is king in this town, right?
So there's nothing to expect from the municipality, right? There's nothing to expect there.
But anyway, what else can we do?
We have to move forward, as I say, move forward with our own things and maybe later on
they'll consider us, that's what I'm saying.
I was given this contact for a studio, to record a little song I have.
And I'm about to record it, so I needed...
What kind of music do you want to record?
Translation:
Carranguera music, carranga, from here, from the region, yes, from here.
Alright, alright.
So if you want, let me make a quote and I'll send it to you.
Alright, alright. I totally agree. This is my number, so I'll wait for your call to confirm.
Help me compose, man, right?
This happens with some little ladies.
I've had another...
It's just that it hurts.
It hurts, it doesn't hurt.
This story happened to a friend of mine who had another and she pretended to be sick.
It's almost full, why add more water?
It's full.
We'll have to add water later, if not tomorrow.
It's just that it hurts, it hurts and it hurts.
Give me some money so I can go to the doctor.
Do you like how you are?
Like all the songs, speaking badly about women.
Why speaking badly about women?
Well, I'm speaking badly because of women, but...
They often speak the truth about women but...
But...
Even though those songs do that, they often speak the truth about women.
Can't they compose for us men as well, and we won't get angry, why?
As a musician, sacrificing in life means often giving up on many things.
Perhaps work, earning a living.
Bringing home the bread because of being involved in music.
Tobacco cultivation here in Jordán has given this region a lot of life.
This little town was created when the Herraduras road existed.
It still looks lonely now, just like...
Imagine in those times, there were very few people.
You could pass without anyone noticing.
I assure you, there were only about 3 residents around.
I need this, let's try to
fix this bike quickly because I urgently need it.
For the camel. To work.
And I think these days it's going to Bucaramanga, man.
I have to go to the song's place.
Let's see how... see if I can finish it... continue it.
Alright, my little son. That's settled.
Well, bye.
And that's it, keep giving it your all.
They say don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today.
Yes.
Today I'm going to fulfill a dream of recording my first song.
That really makes me proud.
And thank God...
...I'm very happy.
And I'm very happy.
And thank God...
...today it became a reality.
Hello, what's up?
I'm here in Bucara, in the studio.
Ah, alright.
This...
...is to let you know that I have to put it on airplane mode now,
to record and not receive calls.
Ah, okay.
Ah, alright.
Okay, my love. Bye.
We'll talk when I'm done here. Bye.
Goodbye.
Out of tune?
No, just kidding.
It's the second one, not the final one.
That one.
Yes.
Well, then...
Better not show anything. Today we can't do anything about it, I can see that.
Song: This story happens to a girl
:05.000
who had someone else and pretended to be sick.
You sound sick to sing that crap.
Put some effort into it.
How are you feeling?
Thirsty like a tequila, man.
Then bring me three cans of guarapo that day and you'll see!
And...
What?
We already recorded part of the song, the demo is done,
and now we're doing each instrument.
Well, we're with Carlitos, Carlitos and Don Fabio, the producer.
Oh, you're with Carlitos?
Yes, thank God Carlitos came, it was helpful that he came because
it's always tough for me with little rehearsal,
to have the song well rehearsed.
And, what's for lunch?
My dream is to continue growing in music.
And hopefully, I'll keep releasing songs, even if it's just
two songs a year, right?
That would be really, really,
really cool, very spectacular for me.
Song: The poor horse is broke
And the great Lady left with no destination.
The poor horse is broke.
And the great Lady left with no destination...
It hurts, it hurts, it hurts.
Give me some money, I'm going to the doctor.